fix: Dynamically generate year and update instructions (#1)
cutenode/encites-examples: README.md

### report.js

This is a basic report that you can run, showing off the most complicated potential usage of the encites API. It saves raw data, filtered data, timestamped Markdown files (via [luxon](https://npm.im/luxon)), and overwrites `report.md` with the most recent markdown output.

> **Note:** As of encites@3.0.0, there is a bug in encites when writing new directories. If you encounter this when running this on your own, just run it a couple times and the directories will resolve themselves. This will be  resolved in a future release of encites.

To generate a report:

> 1. Clone the repo
> 
> 2. Remove the `output/` directory
> 
> 3. Update the `people` array in [util/people.js](util/people.js)
> 
> 4. [Configure GitHub authentication](https://github.com/cutenode/encites#environment-variables)
> 
> 5. Install the example report tool
> 
>     ```console
>     npm install
>     ```
> 
> 6. Run the example report generator
> 
>     ```console
>     node report.js
>     ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
1. Clone the repo
1. Remove the `output/` directory (`rm -rf ./output`)
1. Update the `people` array in [util/people.js](util/people.js) with your GitHub username
1. Configure [GitHub authentication](https://github.com/cutenode/encites#environment-variables)
1. Install the project's dependencies
    ```console
    npm install
    ```
1. Run the example report generator
    ```console
    node report.js # or `npm run report`
    ```
````
